Total # of questions = 5 questions  each 20 points
1) EC2 vs Lambda
2) DevOps, Docker Containers
Web Architectures vs Serverless Architectures
Load Balancers
STorage Technologies: S3, DynamoDB, RDS 
ML ( Supervised learning) : SageMaker, Rekognition, Lex, Comprehend, Metrics, Overfitting, Underfitting.
- Lex: 
Other technologies: Elastic Transcoder, POlly
Cloud computing theory and concepts 


Server 


def lambda_handelr(event, context)
Event bridge 
Cloudwatch = logging Ec2
Integrate with services. Combination of EC2 . WEb application EC2 and some functionalities 

Amazon Lex  closely related polly - capability for speaking




1) 
Lambda or Serverless function ( you pay for execution) Executin of lambda function. it is good when the volume is not high. Temporary ec2. 
lambda has a role associated with it roles give access to S3. 
Configuration of lambda function  10 GB max. or 1 GB and how many seconds. If company is growing exponentially. 
smallest one 20 30 dollars per month.  50 cents for a year. 
EC2 you have to pay even if you stop and EBS. 


3) ML

4 ) Elastic Transcoder processing 
Kinesis = streaming services real time streaming 

Use cases:
images 


Questions:
types or formats: S3.                        EBS no API 
DynamoDB - json like format               RDS - BLOB not recommended 
Serverside encryption 
Avoid deletion: policies, users, 
key is accidental deleting: versionig is good.   pros and cons 


QEstion 2 
DATA SCIENCE CLUB mostly likely reason of crash . 




Practice examples
ISEE APP

Lex and polly  S3. Rekognition. 
Functionalities 
chatbot
recognition detect labels 
upload image S3. 
Sagemaker image classifier train  own model 
deploy on Ec3 instance or lambda function

SDK - calling functionality on your phone  EC2 Rest API. 

S3, Sagemaker train a model audio to text recognition - Video frame object detection. polly for speech. 

Rekognition, Lex ( chatbot) 


Qestion3

ML 
legal age 
Permission policy  SDK 



Web Architecture

I am for roles
identification Cognito
Ec2 with lambda function 
Ec2 with load balancer






